This program is copyright 2011 Matthew Keeter.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution is permitted (and encouraged), provided that you
don't remove the above copyright notice or misrepresent the origin
of the software.  Unless you make an agreement with me, you are not
allowed to charge others for this software in any form.

By using this software, you are accepting all responsibility for
damages it may cause to your computer, business, personal life,
pets, et cetera.  Obviously, there's nothing malicious in the code,
but if it somehow breaks your computer, dumps your girlfriend,
and/or shaves your dog, don't sue me.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This code includes the PySFML-Cython binding library, which requires
the following copyright notice:

Copyright 2011 Bastien Léonard. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
   with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY BASTIEN LÉONARD ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL BASTIEN LÉONARD OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.